[THEME MUSIC]
One of the basic
axioms of astrology
comes from the "Emerald
Tablets" and we know it
as "as above, so below."
The primary influence
of this "as above,
so below" can be seen in
the movement and the cycles
of the various planets.
Astrology is a study
of correspondences.
And corresponding the movement
and cycles and interactions
of the various planets
with life here on Earth,
we begin to understand the
nature of how we are connected
to a greater fabric of
being, that our lives are
not as separate as they seem.
And whether we're talking
about the phases of the Moon
or eclipses or Mercury
retrogrades or Saturn returns,
the fact is that it's more
complicated than it seems.
The movement of planets
represents a map,
just like you would
take a road map or a GPS
if you were going to be
going somewhere in space.
The movement of planets
represents a temporal map.
It's a map in time.
And by understanding the
nature of the archetypes
of the various planets,
we begin to understand
our other journey,
not through space
but our individual
journey through time.
[THEME MUSIC]